------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Please look at the following files for details on specific aspects of    
                                  TinyMUSH 3.

README			The mystery file nobody ever read...

INSTALL			Installation instructions.
CONVERTING		Conversion instructions.

NEWS			Important news and events.
FAQ			Frequently ask questions.

COPYING			TinyMUSH and previous licences.
AUTHORS			Credits and thanks.

ChangeLog		TinyMUSH 3 general changelog.
ChangeLog.Alpha		Removed - See Git's ChangeLog instead.
ChangeLog.Beta		Removed - See Git's ChangeLog instead.
ChangeLog.History	TinyMUX 1.0 and TinyMUSH 2.x changelog.

MODULES			Developer information on creating modules.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TinyMUSH 3 began as a project to fuse the TinyMUSH 2.2 and TinyMUX codebases,
in an effort to create a best-of-breed server that combined the best features
and enhancements of both, and then built additional innovations and increased
stability on top of that merged codebase.

TinyMUSH 3.0 is not a rewrite; we wanted to maintain close to 100% backwards
compatibility, and the sheer scope of effort that would have been necessary in
order to create a new server from scratch was beyond our available time
resources.  However, every line of the code has been gone through in the
process of creating TinyMUSH 3.0.  A large number of bugs have been fixed,
portions have been rewritten to be cleaner and more efficient, and a slew of
new features have been added.  TinyMUSH 3.1 and beyond will extend this
further, providing a solidly stable server, improved efficiency, and many
feature enhancements.

The initial TinyMUSH 3.0 release was jointly developed by David Passmore and
Lydia Leong; Robby Griffin joined the team with the release of 3.0 beta 18,
and Scott Dorr joined with the release of 3.0 beta 23, and the team expects to
continue to maintain TinyMUSH 3 into the forseeable future.  Though we will
continue to welcome contributions from the MUSH community, we expect to remain
the primary developers.  We believe that this will be a major platform of
choice for MUSH users in the future, and we highly encourage existing TinyMUSH
2.2 and TinyMUX 1.x users to upgrade.

TinyMUSH 3.1 was jointly developped by David Passmore, Lydia Leong, Robby
Griffin and Scott Dorr.  Eddy Beaupre joined at TinyMUSh 3.1 patchlevel 1 and
the move of the project to Sourceforce.

TinyMUSH 3.2 was mostly developped by Lydia Leong.

TinyMUSH 3.3 is currently in the early stage of development. At this stage of
development, the goal is to ensure better compatibility with most current
operating systems and provide a stable base for many more years.

We believe that server stability for TinyMUSH 3 to be excellent (no reported
crash problems since the 3.2 release in June 2011), and we expect that
TinyMUSH 3.3 stability to be at least as good.  Server stability for beta
versions should generally be good, but, of course, may not be as stable as
full-fledged release versions.  In general, TinyMUSH 3 should be more stable
than any of its predecessor servers.  Problems or issues should certainly be
reported to the developers, and we will do our best to ensure that they're
fixed promptly.
